Revision summary:

In this revised manuscript, we address all the issues from the meta review.
We added entire sections describing the policy background, and some technical
context where needed. We also describe the related work and limitations
of our study in separate sections. Further, we justify key methodological
decisions and compare the list of popular sites we use to a popular alternative.
Finally, we conduct an analysis of cookies that we had collected in our
experiments to look for evidence of tracking activity. Our main revisions include:
substantially expanded background (Sec. 1), new limitations (Sec. 8) and related work
sections (Sec. 9), three new figures (3, 9, 10) and a new table (1).

While not part of the revision plan, we improved the readability of Tables 2 & 3
(previously they were figures),
and improved the conciseness of the abstract.

Below, we include a copy of our revision plan with the relevant sections of the
paper marked with {curly brackets}
"""
*** [MR.1] We will add three new sections:

- First, a Background section explaining key technical concepts, broader data localization concerns, potential privacy harms, and other relevant topics. {Sec. 1, first sentence and third paragraph; new text about autonomous systems in the first paragraph of Sec. 2; include details about the US case in last paragraph of Sec. 1}
- Second, a Related Work section, discussing relevant papers (including those from RC and reference [20]) and how they differ from our study in scope, approach, and scale. {Sec. 9}
- Third, a Limitations section that will gather our study’s limitations discussed throughout the manuscript and include additional details on potential threats to validity. {Sec. 8}

Finally, we will include a discussion of how both our experimental method and framework can be used in future research {Sec. 8.4}. We also plan on releasing all code and data with the final version of the paper.

*** [MR.2] We will expand our methodology to include the following justifications:

- Justifying BrightData. We will justify our decision to use the BrightData proxy given its unparalleled coverage of EU networks. We will discuss the limitations of two alternatives (RIPE Atlas and data-center based approaches). We will describe in detail the interactions between our proxy data collection and Google properties. {Sec. 2.1}
- Justifying SimilarWeb. We will explain our decision to use SimilarWeb for region-specific site data. We will compare this with (historical) global popularity lists like Tranco. {Sec. 3.1: citing previous work that uses SimilarWeb, adding a comparison to Tranco in the second and third paragraph, Figure 2}
- Precision and false positives. We will include a discussion of our approach’s precision and the potential for false positives {Sec. 8.1}. We will also add a table in Section 5 showing the level of agreement between various IP geolocation methods {Table 1, new text in second paragraph of Sec. 4.4, Figure 3}.
- Enriching the analysis of the collected data. We will analyze attributes of frequently observed third-party tracking domains hosted in non-adequate countries, investigating associated cookies. We will report patterns around personal identifiers and session IDs, exploring their implications. {New section 5.7, new figures 9 and 10}
- GDPR compliance and data transfers. We will discuss GDPR data transfers, explaining the role of country adequacy decisions. We will clarify that "potential GDPR violations" means the presence of tracking servers in a non-adequate country, and describe relevant nuances of GDPR compliance.  {Last paragraph of Sec. 1, new section 8.3}

Further, we will expand on our description of Fig. 1 {expanded caption of Fig. 1}. We will also connect each step in the figure to the above justifications of methodological decisions {links to each "step" in Fig. 1 throughout method sections}.
"""

We really appreciate the reviewers' time and effort devoted to
providing feedback for our paper. We are looking forward to
continuing our discussion with the revision editor regarding
the manuscript.

Thanks,
The Authors
